Everyone today I'll be demoing this bug
in the rate seasonal profile maintenance
screen where if the user tries to access
this functionality of import from Excel
and if you try to save this data,
then these validation errors were
occurred.
And also if you access this bulk edit
view functionality here also you can see
that there's one additional slash that is
being added.
So basically the issue was that the
format change logic in the import in the
Excel import function was missing due to
which when when the system was passing
the data from the Excel it was getting
passed as it is like for example 01/01.
Then the function was passing the data as
it is 01/01 and as a result and as a
result you can see the additional slash
here as well as the validation errors.
So after after making the fix you can see
that.
You can see here in the bulk attitude
that the additional slash which was
visible here is now gone and if you try
to save the data,
the data is being saved successfully.
So basically the this issue,
we face this issue because of the
previous bug which was related to Excel
export and bulk edit functionalities
where the user was seeing a incorrect
format in the Excel such As for example,
01, 01 without the slash.
So at that time they fixed this issue by
adding this slash and in both the bulk
edit and and Excel import and Excel
export.
So but they didn't add the reverse format
change in the Excel import due to which
we face this issue.
Yeah, thank you.
Any questions?